annot: mix the chicken broth, bean paste, soy sauce, and salt in a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the chicken broth (-1), bean paste (-1), soy sauce (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add the tofu to the pot of water
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the tofu (-1), the pot of water (-1)
annot: Coat the skillet with oil
ACTID: 2
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, location] the skillet (-1)
[PP, food, with] oil (-1)
annot: cut the pork into pieces
ACTID: 3
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the pork (-1)
[PP, other, into] pieces (-1)
annot: add to the wok
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[PP, food, to] the wok (2)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Chop up the garlic and ginger
ACTID: 5
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the garlic (-1), ginger (-1)
annot: add to the wok
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the wok (4)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: Add the sauce to the wok
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (0)
[PP, food, to] the wok (6)
annot: Add the tofu to the wok
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the tofu (1)
[PP, food, to] the wok (7)
annot: Add cornstarch and water to the wok
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cornstarch (-1), water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the wok (8)
annot: sprinkle sesame oil, peppercorn powder, and scallions on top
ACTID: 10
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] sesame oil (-1), peppercorn powder (-1), scallions (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (9)